- [1. Implement Azure Active Directory](#1-implement-azure-active-directory)
    - [AAD](#aad)
    - [Azure AD Concepts](#azure-ad-concepts)
    - [Management Groups](#management-groups)
    - [User Accounts](#user-accounts)
    - [Manage Guest Users](#manage-guest-users)
    - [Group Accounts](#group-accounts)
    - [Managing Multiple Directories](#managing-multiple-directories)
    - [Azure B2B and B2C](#azure-b2b-and-b2c)
    - [Domains and Custom Domains](#domains-and-custom-domains)
    - [Azure AD Conditional Access](#azure-ad-conditional-access)
    - [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](#azure-multi-factor-authentication)
    - [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection (AIP)](#azure-active-directory-identity-protection-aip)
    - [MFA](#mfa)
- [2. Implement and Manage Hybrid Identities](#2-implement-and-manage-hybrid-identities)
    - [Azure AD Connect](#azure-ad-connect)
    - [Azure AD Connect Cloud Sync](#azure-ad-connect-cloud-sync)
    - [Azure AD Connect Installation](#azure-ad-connect-installation)
    - [Hybrid Identity with AAD](#hybrid-identity-with-aad)
    - [Authentication Options](#authentication-options)
    - [Single Sign-On](#single-sign-on)
    - [Self-Service Password Reset](#self-service-password-reset)
    - [Azure AD Health Overview](#azure-ad-health-overview)
- [3. Implement Virtual Networking](#3-implement-virtual-networking)
- [4. Implement VMs for Windows and Linux](#4-implement-vms-for-windows-and-linux)
- [5. Implement Load Balancing and Network Security](#5-implement-load-balancing-and-network-security)
- [6. Implement Storage Accounts](#6-implement-storage-accounts)
- [Referance](#referance)
    - [RG](#rg)

# 1. Implement Azure Active Directory
## AAD
- 每個租戶的 AAD 不可作關聯
- c ?
- PIM 必考

## Azure AD Concepts
- Identity
    - A thing that can get authenticated. An identity can be a user with a username and password. Identities also include applications or other servers that might require authentication through secret keys or certificates.
- Account
    - An identity that has data associated with it. You cannot have an account without an identity.
- Azure AD Account
    - An identity created through Azure AD or another Microsoft cloud service, such as Microsoft 365. Identities are stored in Azure AD and accessible to your organization's cloud service subscriptions. This account is also sometimes called a Work or school account.
- Azure subscription
    - Used to pay for Azure cloud services. You can have many subscriptions and they're linked to a credit card.
- Azure tenant
    - A dedicated and trusted instance of Azure AD that's automatically created when your organization signs up for a Microsoft cloud service subscription, such as Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Intune, or Microsoft 365. An Azure tenant represents a single organization.
- Azure AD directory
    - Each Azure tenant has a dedicated and trusted Azure AD directory. The Azure AD directory includes the tenant's users, groups, and apps and is used to perform identity and access management functions for tenant resources.

## Management Groups
## User Accounts
- New User, New Guest User
- Guest 不需管理帳號密碼 (B2B) --> 學校或工作信箱或非微軟的個人信箱

## Manage Guest Users
## Group Accounts

## Managing Multiple Directories
- 多個 directories
- custom domain, 將 txt, mx 加入本地端的 DNS zone裡面，適用於內部AD同步

## Azure B2B and B2C
## Domains and Custom Domains
## Azure AD Conditional Access
## Azure Multi-Factor Authentication

## Azure Active Directory Identity Protection (AIP)
- P2 才適用

## MFA
- 不需要有AAD ，即可使用
- 啟用 & 強制使用
- Guest 也可以使用
- CAL: by user, by signed count

# 2. Implement and Manage Hybrid Identities
## Azure AD Connect
## Azure AD Connect Cloud Sync
## Azure AD Connect Installation
## Hybrid Identity with AAD
- Password hash synchronization (PHS)
- Pass-through authentication (PTA)
- Federation (AD FS)

## Authentication Options
- Password hash synchronization
    - A sign-in method that **synchronizes a hash of a users on-premises AD password** with AAD.
- Pass-through authentication
    - A sign-in method that allows users to use the same password on-premises and in the cloud, but doesn't require the additional infrastructure of a federated environment.
- Federation integration
    - Federation is an optional part of AAD Connect and can be used to configure a hybrid environment using an on-premises AD FS infrastructure. It also provides AD FS management capabilities such as certificate renewal (更新) and additional AD FS server deployments.

## Single Sign-On
## Self-Service Password Reset
## Azure AD Health Overview

# 3. Implement Virtual Networking
# 4. Implement VMs for Windows and Linux
# 5. Implement Load Balancing and Network Security
# 6. Implement Storage Accounts

# Referance
## RG
- 物理 vs 邏輯
    - 物理: 地理區域
    - 邏輯: 訂閱 資源群組